# EZSAW V3.0.0A 

## Goals and Aims with This Iteration
The major aim for 3.0.0A was (written retrospectively) to create a simple GUI with graph displays of the data found within an SQL server hosting psuedo-data based (see data/pseudo_database). The implementation was to consist of Kivy with Matplotlib integration so the out-of-tolerance results could be "walked through" in a series of steps determined by a troubleshooting flowchart.

## Conclusion
### The Kivy Problem
After hours of attempting to get kivy to work consistently and display a layout conducive to a standard data analysis wizard, it has been concluded it is simply too bloated and clunky for use on this project. The main issues that were encountered are
    - 1. Poor documentation on layout creation and input functionality.
    - 2. A lack of native graphing support without the use of ugly backend matplotlib data structures.
    - 3. An interface not conducive to rapid testing/production, rather one that would take weeks or even months to learn all of the subtle nuances of event-handling and layouts.

### The Proposed Solution: PyQt6
The challenge of creating a GUI is finding a decently supported and lightweight interface that will not be burdensome for one that simply wants their data analysis program to work, and complete basic functions such as displaying textbox widgets and graphs, accepting text input, and easy reproducibility across multiple devices. 

As stated by the title,  PyQt6 is the next probable lead to chase down for this aspect of the program. The attractive features of this library are: 
    - High implementation/prototyping speed.
    - Excellent interactive graphing support for PyQtGraph, potentially eliminating the need for a separate graphing library (e.g. matplotlib).
    - Excellent community support.
        - Popular and well-documented.
    - Cross-platform and easily portable. 
